0 after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
0 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	
0 nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
0 despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	
0 it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
0 much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
0 swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
0 a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	
0 an empty , purposeless exercise .	
0 it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
0 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
0 i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	
0 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
0 the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	
0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
0 a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	
0 a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
0 final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	
0 you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
0 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that nelson 's achievement does n't match his ambition .	
0 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
0 shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
0 an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
0 ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
0 it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
0 the film is all over the place , really .	
0 loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	
0 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
0 slap me , i saw this movie .	
0 evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
0 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
0 it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
0 a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	
0 godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
0 it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
0 there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	
0 lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
0 a doa dud from frame one .	
0 there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	
0 the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	
0 if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
0 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
0 a relative letdown .	
0 rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
0 this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
0 this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	
0 chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
0 an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
0 mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	
0 sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	
0 so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	
0 forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
0 the movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
0 before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	
0 humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
0 hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
0 the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
0 the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
0 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
0 the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
0 guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
0 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
0 a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	
0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
0 how inept is serving sara ?	
0 poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
0 a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
0 partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	
0 a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
0 sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
0 apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	
0 on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
0 in other words , it 's badder than bad .	
0 another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
0 a chiller resolutely without chills .	
0 to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
0 my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	
0 epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	
0 a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	
0 it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	
0 adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
0 the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
0 a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	
0 shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	
0 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
0 it 's pauly shore awful .	
0 even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
0 does n't add up to much .	
0 no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
0 if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
0 sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	
0 rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
0 a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
0 take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	
0 there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	
0 there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
0 there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
0 just dreadful .	
0 the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
0 killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
0 any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
0 the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	
0 one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	
0 it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	
0 the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	
0 with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	
0 an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
0 distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
0 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .	
0 the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	
0 there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
0 wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	
0 not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	
0 every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	
0 maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
0 as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
0 eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
0 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
0 as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	
0 the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
0 i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	
0 hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
0 the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	
0 it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	
0 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
0 the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
0 men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	
0 a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '	
0 slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	
0 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	
0 several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	
0 enough said , except : film overboard !	
0 and it 's a lousy one at that .	
0 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
0 we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .	
0 nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
0 less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
0 a sentimental mess that never rings true .	
0 i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
0 the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	
0 why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	
0 a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
0 not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
0 a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	
0 tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
0 franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	
0 predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
0 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
0 this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
0 a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
0 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	
0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , denis ' story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
0 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
0 an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
0 ` this movie sucks . '	
0 makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
0 because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	
0 the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	
0 to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	
0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks at least during their '70s heyday comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
0 should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
0 of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
0 suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	
0 my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	
0 boring and meandering .	
0 highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
0 even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
0 or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
0 so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
0 this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	
0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer jeremy renner and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
0 the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
0 hate it because it 's lousy .	
0 a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
0 a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	
0 weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
0 those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
0 the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	
0 this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
0 the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	
0 the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	
0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
0 a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	
0 unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	
0 i ca n't recommend it .	
0 it does n't work as either .	
0 may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	
0 deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	
0 a rip-off twice removed , modeled after seagal 's earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	
0 like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
0 one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
0 frustratingly refuses to give pinochet 's crimes a political context	
0 sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .	
0 a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
0 even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
0 there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
0 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
0 too bad none of it is funny .	
0 the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	
0 one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	
0 nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	
0 in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	
0 horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
0 an awful lot like one of spears ' music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	
0 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
0 what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
0 a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
0 it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	
0 stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
0 a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
0 every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
0 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
0 instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
0 the most repugnant adaptation	
0 equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
0 it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
0 the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
0 `` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
0 an extremely unpleasant film .	
0 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	
0 some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
0 it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
