1 funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
1 cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	
1 fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	
1 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
1 `` red dragon '' is entertaining .	
1 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	
1 the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	
1 as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	
1 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	
1 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	
1 this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	
1 cho 's timing is priceless .	
1 it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	
1 the performances are an absolute joy .	
1 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	
1 the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
1 spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	
1 such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	
1 if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
1 one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	
1 fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	
1 wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
1 top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	
1 this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	
1 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
1 gives everyone something to shout about .	
1 the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	
1 enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
1 armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
1 an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	
1 that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
1 promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	
1 the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	
1 the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	
1 the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	
1 maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	
1 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
1 overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	
1 with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
1 assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	
1 `` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	
1 brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	
1 it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
1 a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	
1 a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
1 a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
1 miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
1 this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
1 consistently clever and suspenseful .	
1 a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	
1 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
1 a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	
1 at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	
1 directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	
1 turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	
1 a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	
1 salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	
1 i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	
1 the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	
1 it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	
1 far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	
1 a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
1 driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	
1 a small movie with a big impact .	
1 an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching or turntablism in particular .	
1 peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	
1 mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	
1 while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	
1 a movie of riveting power and sadness .	
1 the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	
1 but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	
1 it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	
1 it 's a masterpeice .	
1 at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	
1 diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	
1 easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	
1 by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	
1 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	
1 most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	
1 `` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different and better than most films with this theme .	
1 woody allen has really found his groove these days .	
1 one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	
1 hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	
1 the actors are fantastic .	
1 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
1 a gripping drama .	
1 charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	
1 the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	
1 marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	
1 congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	
1 because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	
1 perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	
1 this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
1 it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	
1 consider it ` perfection . '	
1 good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	
1 smart and taut .	
1 all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	
1 real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	
1 this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	
1 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
1 there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	
1 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	
1 a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
1 literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
1 with this masterful , flawless film , wang emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	
1 i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	
1 brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	
1 a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	
1 a well-executed spy-thriller .	
1 we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
1 although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	
1 beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	
1 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	
1 one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
1 the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen vega and juni sabara cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
1 pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	
1 the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	
1 a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
1 it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	
1 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	
1 the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	
1 sweet and memorable film .	
1 no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	
1 the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
1 fantastic !	
1 a wry , affectionate delight .	
1 features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
1 the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 works as pretty contagious fun .	
1 a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	
1 the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	
1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park as well as one , ms. mirren , who did , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
1 irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	
1 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	
1 just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	
1 so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
1 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	
1 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	
1 a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	
1 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	
1 vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
1 beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	
1 the all-french cast is marveilleux .	
1 not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	
1 there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	
1 one of the funnier movies in town .	
1 there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	
1 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
1 astonishing ... frames profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	
1 best indie of the year , so far .	
1 classic cinema served up with heart and humor	
1 a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	
1 this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	
1 a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	
1 more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 reassuring , retro uplifter .	
1 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	
1 so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	
1 beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
1 macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	
1 the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	
1 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	
1 if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
1 this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
1 despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	
1 the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	
1 many a parent and their teen or preteen kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	
1 what i saw , i enjoyed .	
1 his work with actors is particularly impressive .	
1 the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	
1 exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	
1 young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	
1 insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	
1 leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	
1 apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	
1 the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	
1 rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
1 miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
1 an enjoyable experience .	
1 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	
1 the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	
1 it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	
1 this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	
1 a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	
1 a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	
1 these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
1 this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what evans had , lost , and got back .	
1 an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
1 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	
1 there is greatness here .	
1 it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	
1 a classy , sprightly spin on film .	
1 extraordinary debut from josh koury .	
1 move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	
1 this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	
1 filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	
1 the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	
1 this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	
1 a very charming and funny movie .	
1 soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
1 puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	
1 really quite funny .	
1 a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	
1 it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	
1 invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
1 the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
1 a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	
1 an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
1 one fantastic and educational documentary .	
1 a brutal and funny work .	
1 an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	
1 simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	
1 huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
1 there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
1 the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	
1 manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
1 the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
1 a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
1 this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	
1 a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
1 writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	
1 brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	
1 an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
1 a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	
1 it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	
1 a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	
1 goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	
1 it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
1 he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	
1 it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
1 in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
1 unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	
1 it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
1 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	
1 this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
1 the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	
1 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	
1 the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .	
1 as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	
1 it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	
1 mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	
1 a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	
1 admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	
1 one of the best rock documentaries ever .	
1 impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	
1 a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	
1 about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
1 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	
1 warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
1 a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	
1 the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	
1 parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
1 its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	
1 it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
1 spiderman rocks	
1 these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	
1 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
1 hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
1 nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	
1 it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
1 a stylish thriller .	
1 a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
1 the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	
1 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	
1 it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	
1 give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	
1 texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	
